Didn't your face get ruined?
How did you become so beautiful in just a few days?
Thanks to you.
I'm fine boy
I was careless and let you take advantage yesterday.
How about I have a little excitement with you today?
Is Ouyang Hong with you?
That's right. Go ahead.
What flower spell do you want to play?
I kept it simple
Wen You Wen Dou
martial arts
I'll give you a fight today
How to fight poison
Whoever lasts a long time wins
If I win, you release the Chen family
If you win
The Chen family is at your disposal
Ouyang Hong will send it back immediately.
dare
Can't promise him
Lao Qi is best at making drugs
He's got a body on him
If you agree to Lao Qi, you will hit him in the fist.
You're sick, right?
Than drinking poison
This is the ultimate joke.